Improve chapter 6 based on rehearsal feedback (#155)
vantage6/vantage6-workshop: episodes/chap6_setup_node.md

To make the new API key effective, you need to restart the node by running the command `v6 node stop` and then `v6 node start`.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: instructor

> Regarding challenge 3, it's important to mention that usually you cannot reset the API key of a node from the collaborated organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regarding challenge 3, it's important to mention that usually you cannot reset the API key of a node of an organization the user is not part of, even if it's in the same collaboration.
```
